And The Last Lecture we saw how we can transform data with the map method.
And this is working all right.
And of course you can transform the data in any way you want.
Now just to demonstrate how you could transform it I will change our data here.
We could output it like this.
I just want to highlight it.
But again just to demonstrate the power of map and I don't even use the average operators you could
use there.
So there we could also say let's loop through all our items for all our service of our data here.
And again the data is just our whole array of service in the end.
And then we could say for each server we want to change the name and set it equal to fetched underscore
class server name just for demo purposes no other purpose than that.
And then well we retrieve data and since the service you are part of the data they will now be updated
and we can actually see those once we saved his letter reload and get our servers if we have a look
at the survey you see all the names are now prefixed with fetch.
Now with this we had a look at how we can transform that and get that data.
Let's now output a year in our list.
So in the app component where we printed to the console right now we could simply say this service equals
service here and our first call back of the SUBSCRIBE function which again gives us back this list of
service.
Now since this is the same format there is nothing else to be done here so we can simply call get service
and you see it gets overwritten the idea gets overwritten too.
If I add a new server or maybe also enter name like this and get the service it gets overwritten again
because we're reaching out to the web and getting our service from there if I had a news server and
save our service there and now I reload the app and get the service.
Well now we get double fetched at the beginning since we started with this prefix and of course you
could clean the code up.
But the main thing here is you see how you can use this HTP service to send POAD or post requests send
get requests and use observables to transform the data you put back.
Also don't forget you can attach your own headers.
So really a flexible service allowing you to reach out to her back and without leaving your application.
Which of course is an important thing.